Update upgrade-server.adoc (#8529)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/v4.3/installation/upgrade-server.adoc

* There is a `workflows-conductor` data migration that will run as a job in the background after your upgrade. The migration processes projects in batches of 1000 and sleeps for 60 seconds before starting another. Processing time for a batch depends on the MongoDB and PostgreSQL data stores, but in our production environment, a batch of 1000 projects took around 6 seconds.
* Ensure that your CircleCI server v4.3 installation is left running until after the migration has completed. You can confirm that the migration has completed by checking the logs of `workflows-conductor-event-consumer`. There will be a `starting next-build-seq-migration` log message with `project_count=0`

[#vault]
=== Vault

> * We have moved away from Vault to Tink for encryption. The process for migration is link:https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/server-scripts/tree/main/vault-to-tink[documented here] and includes a convenience script to move existing secrets. You should complete the migration to Tink on your 4.2 install before backing up your server installation, in preperation for upgrading to 4.3. Customers that don't perform this step may have issues restoring Vault from backup in 4.3. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have moved away from Vault to Tink for encryption. The process for migration is link:https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/server-scripts/tree/main/vault-to-tink[documented here], and includes a convenience script to move existing secrets. You should complete the migration to Tink on your v4.2.x installation before backing up your server installation in preparation for upgrading to v4.3. Customers that do not perform this step may have issues restoring Vault from backup in v4.3. 
```
